hey speaking of shakeout another member
of the Trump administration is on his
way out Secretary of Energy Rick Perry
reportedly informed the president today
that he plans to resign he did not
explain why although I think we have a
pretty good idea
Perry's been Secretary of Energy since
the beginning but soon like all the
others he will be gone man when ben
Carson wakes up he's gonna be like where
the hell is everybody the president
reportedly blamed Rick Perry for getting
him on that now infamous call to Ukraine
but keep my toe you know all through
this story the president and his
admirers have been insisting that there
was no quid pro quo involving the
Biden's or the company hunter Biden
worked for but then today
Trump's acting chief of staff Mick
Mulvaney went in front of reporters and
blatantly admitted that there was the
demand for an investigation into the
Democrats was part of the reason that he
it was honor to withhold funding to
Ukraine we look back to what happened in
certainly was was part of the thing that
he was worried about in corruption with
that nation and that is absolutely a
broker in the fondant yeah in which
which ultimately then flowed describe is
a quid pro quo it is funding will not
flow unless the investigation into the
into the democratic server as well we do
we do that all the time and then Sarah
Huckabee Sanders burst through the wall
like kool-aid and took the podium back
wait so all the bad stuff they've been
saying the president didn't do now
they're saying he did it and he does it
all the time their defense has gone from
if the glove doesn't fit you must have
quit to give me back my glove Trump's
attorneys were said to be baffled by
Mulvaney's statement one of his lawyers
put out a statement he wrote the legal
team was not involved in the acting
chief who says Brea's briefing of course
not the early have one idiot shooting
his mouth off he certainly didn't
authorize - all the best people by the
way this Mick Mulvaney I keep wondering
where have I seen this guy before and
then it hit me years ago
so yesterday a fourth business associate
of Rudy Giuliani's was arrested again at
an airport law I'm sure he wasn't trying
to flee probably just wanted a Cinnabon
or something but the president with all
this going on is still focused on the
election from 2016 Rudy was one of many
people that was incensed at the
corruption that took place during that
election pure corruption for instance I
still ask the FBI where is the server
how come the FBI never got the server
from the DNC where is the server I want
to see the server I'd like to see the
server I think it's very important for
this country to see the server Hey as if
he has any idea what a server is because
this is what Donald Trump knows about
servers where is the server I'd like to
see the server I think it's very
important for this country to see
[Applause]
Colerain boy he is in a deep basket of
fried pickles right now his his greasy
little son was on Hannity last night
defending daddy and taking another
series of shots at Joe Biden's kid they
want to question my family our imagine
being in hiding for months like he's
been since we've been talking about this
and you come out and that's the
interview give that's just guilt in and
of itself because it was a attempt he
wouldn't have gotten the millions caught
for his father do you think Sean Hannity
realizes that what he's yelling he
wouldn't have got the millions if it
weren't for his father he's yelling
those words at Donald Trump jr. maybe
the spray-on beard threw him off I don't
know but but go on
DJ TJ from a hypocrisy standpoint let's
see if you can top that double standard
is despicable
they utilize that platform with a wink
wink nod not you Joe Biden knows nothing
about it other than hunter says he does
and there's pictures of them playing
golf together right right and as we all
know photographs of people together
means they're criminals together right
like well this innocent photo of someone
having dinner with the Giuliani goons
that got arrested last week for instance
there they are the Four Musketeers and
and then with all this talk of the
Biden's inappropriately profiting from
public office the White House today
announced that the United States will
host the next g7 summit at the Trump
Doral Golf Resort in Miami the president
is generously running his Golf Club out
to all the leaders of the world because
of course he is he doesn't care anymore
he's just like yeah you know what we're
hosting at my Golf Resort and guess what
round two golf's a million bucks that
doesn't include cart and we're tripling
the room rate so leave a duffel bag full
of Krugerrands by the front door most
experts say this is a clear violation
violation of the emoluments clause which
says the president a president cannot
profit from a foreign government
although the g7 summit happens in June
there's a good chance he might not be
president and anymore by then so we're
not the
this would be the greatest scenario
Trump has to watch president pence
chatted up with the world leaders while
he guzzles diet cokes in the clubhouse
mike pence by the way was in Turkey
trying to clean up the mess Trump made
when he he pulled two our troops out of
Syria many of the the Kurds our allies
were immediately killed and after the
meeting Penn said Turkey has agreed to a
ceasefire but the Turkish government
said no we didn't they called it a pause
not a ceasefire either way Trump took a
victory lap he said the deal would never
have been made without him and he's
right the deal would have never been
made with I'm because before he pulled
the troops there was no fire to cease
but meanwhile this US exit from Syria
was so sudden and hasty we actually had
to bomb one of our own bases to destroy
the ammunition that was left behind
thanks to our genius commander treif the
US military is now bombing itself and it
was a success - we totally caught
ourselves by surprise but Mike Pence
what a big moment for him he marched
right up and told the Turkish president
he'd better stop this invasion or he'll
feel the full might of the spaceports
and this is watch this is this is
amazing video of Pence's meeting with
Iran the Turkish president now there
they are sitting silently at a table
together while photographs are taken and
this is good this is first of all
whoever did these wax figures is
terrific they they look just like them
this goes on for an exceptionally long
time
I knew Mike pens liked a party but it's
the one who blinks first as the bullish
troops this is like the worst tinder
date ever
so to recap Mike Pence flew to Turkey to
negotiate an agreement where in Turkey
catch everything they want and the
United States gives it to them mission
accomplished and congratulations the
vice president he will be getting an
extra scoop of kibble in his bowl
tonight I have no doubt if you like that
video click Subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies